sounds that can make people
Well
and
how are you
is talking
further
chaadai
project and
Knowledge Day
brushing teeth
prosecutor's office
he opened in the city
live to do
and royal
and some
scene
after all Kiev
whole century
happily exclaims
Ike
laughs
sighs heavily
screams in fright
went down
quiet
Tarkhanov
to Russia
blowing his nose
Here it would be better a1 crowd noise on
the stadium
and it happens that a person does not give any
sounds
that is, the fund is silent
m
long walks
I think that speaks
and in her
the boy is laughing
in front of the Grodno language
the baby is crying
child sneezes
and what sounds can you expect yourself kane